# CS102 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings.

**
### Meeting ~ (27/11/2020)
**
*Discussion:* 
We learned how to test our app via, how to manage github and classes' implementation are distributed to group members.

*ToDo:*                              
1.The main classes coding should be done           
**

### Meeting ~ (11/12/2020)
**
*Discussion:* 
We made progress. We have finished the coding part of core classes such as Ingredient,Recipe,Fridge etc. We started to designing user interfaces.

*ToDo*                      
1.Completing User Interface of the project.                                               
2.Every member of the group should be comfortable using github + basic methods in android studio (creating new activities, fragments etc.)  
3.Project should be connected to Firebase 
4.Every project member should keep a record (log) of what she/he has done each week for our project.

**
### Meeting ~ (15/12/2020)
**
*Discussion:* 
Some of the planned targets are done. We have created personal log files, we have connected firebase to the app 
*ToDo*          
1.We should complete User Interfaces as soon as possible.
2.We need to add bottom navigation bar 

**
### Meeting ~ (20/12/2020)
**
*Discussion:* 
Most of the screens' user interfaces are done. We are able to add ingredients to Firebase.

*ToDo*     
1.Build Database        
2.We should learn more about intents and clicklisteners for buttons, imageButtons.
3.We need to add bottom navigation bar

**
### Meeting ~ (24/12/2020)
**
*Discussion:* 
We added bottom navigation bar. We tried to add our ingredients to Firebase using HashMap and ArrayList, however we don't think it is straightforward. We might change the way of saving data from Firebase to RoomDatabase
We realized that some of the User interface design are not useful for example we need to use recyclerView instead of adding textView components one by one.

*ToDo*
1. We need to clarify methods of inserting and saving data from Database.
2.Fridge's and recipeList's User Interface designs must be more practical to add listeners so we need to revise their design.

**
### Meeting ~ (25/12/2020)
**
*Discussion:* 
We will use RoomDatabase from now on. We have added interfaces for Ingredient and Recipe implementations, RecyclerAdapter classes are added to list ingredients and recipes.
The way of adding ingredients is changed to make implementation more explicit. From now on the user will add ingredient from seperate page rather than where the user look at the ingredients.

*ToDo*
1.We need to add a screen for looking a particular recipe.
2.Some details should be added to suggestion screen to make it functional.


**
### Meeting ~ (26/12/2020)
**
*Discussion:*
We talked about what left to complete our application and shared tasks.

